Improve dappkit example (#7346)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/sdk/dappkit/README.md

);

const dappkitResponse = await waitForSignedTxs(requestId);
const rawTx = dappkitResponse.rawTxs[0];

// Send the signed transaction via the kit
const tx = kit.connection.sendSignedTransaction(rawTx);

const receipt = await tx.waitReceipt();

const [cUSDBalanceBig, cUSDDecimals] = await Promise.all([
  stableToken.balanceOf(this.state.address),
  stableToken.decimals()
]);
const cUSDBalance = this.convertToContractDecimals(
  cUSDBalanceBig,
  cUSDDecimals
);

this.setState({ cUSDBalance, isLoadingBalance: false });
```

## ContractKit example

Let's make a common use example. What about exchanging some cUSD to CELO, and

> then Lock that CELO to be able to vote a validator group?

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
then Locking that CELO to be able to vote on a validator group?
```
